So now we're going to embark on a different journey here in order to build a full fledged application.
I mean, I'm talking about a loaded app with the back end and all sort of things.
OK, so here are some screenshots of this application.
All right.
So the idea of this app is going to be to allow users to log in and then users are going to be able
to search an API, the Google Books API, for any books they want to read.
They can then add those books to their library, save them to their library, to the back end, and
then they can start reading those books.
Right.
And so they will tag the books are reading and the books that they've just added right in their reading
list and the books that are currently reading add thoughts or notes on the book that they are reading,
as well as reading and marking as read, leading and updating and so forth.
So we are going to be putting together this very extensive using many libraries are going to be using
clean architecture to build this app the right way.
All right.
It's going to be very exciting.
Let's go next and give you a little demo of the full app.
OK, I'm going to start this demo.
Happy.
We'll see when the first runs.
There's that very animation, a very nice animation, a reader and then go straight to the log in screen.
Now we can log in or we can sign up.
Let's go ahead and click a sign up.
James James dot com.
And then here I'm going to say, and then and let's choose a password.
OK.
I guess it's very good.
And voila, the moment we say enter, it's going to go ahead and create James.
You can see we have this icon there and there is James there.
All right.
So this point, nothing much is going on here, but we have the icon for the app will have a title and
we can sign out if we need to.
So what happens first?
Well, we're going to go ahead and add James.
In this case, we'll go ahead and add some books.
And right when we go to the search books screen, we are able to search the books, but also we can
see that we already can use.
I'm using my phone right now.
Go ahead and choose some of the books that have been selected for us, so I can add this one and it
goes to the details book and I can read about it.
What's going on?
Let's go ahead and save it.
OK, so you want me to save it, to go back and see now, you know, a reading list.
We have our book.
OK, I can go back in search now.
I'm going to search for some books about money and enter and voila.
So there are a few books here, and let's click on that one.
When I save.
And I go back and see now I still I'm still adding those books inside of my reading list.
It's very good.
So let's say now I have added a couple of books and I want to add to my reading now, right?
So let's say that James wants to start reading a book.
So clicking one book, and there we go.
Now we go to the update book here.
And in this case, here we can start reading the book by clicking to start reading and now is tackled
there.
And I can just give it an initial reading of that.
And there's no that so far would say update.
And once you do that, then the book is now added to the reading list right now, right?
What we are reading right now.
Right.
And you can see now is was removed from our reading list at the bottom.
All right.
So let's say then after a few moments, we are fast readers, we want to add a few thoughts here.
All you like this and I'm going to change the rating to about four and then I'm going to mark this as
read when I say update.
Once you do that, you can see that the book is now removed from our view reading activity right now,
but we can find it.
If you go to our profile, click there.
Can see now we have we are reading zero books at this point because you remember if you go back, there
is no books that we're reading.
OK, but it shows here that we have read this book.
So we have read one book so far and there is the title.
It's very nice and I can continue.
Of course, this one is going to be reading.
I'm going to give it a rating.
Start reading and update right now was updated successfully.
I go to James.
It's going to see that now I'm reading one book.
I haven't finished that book, right?
So.
And you can see also.
It says there started.
And you can see here.
I started November 2nd, finished November 2nd.
So it gives us the date when we started and when we ended or finished the book.
All right, so I'm still reading one book.
I'm going to go back.
Let's see.
I want to say, yep, this was five star markers read and I can change my thoughts here.
The best.
And finished and done so the book now it's done.
I've read all of the books and noticed that no books found for each one of these categories here, but
I can always go back to see my status now.
I have read two books, which is wonderful, and you can see, of course, that I have zero books reading
right now.
All right.
So this is what we're going to be building, all of this is actually being backed up in Firestorm in
Firebase, which means we have the log in, which means we also have the authentication log in, creating
users, authenticating users, and all of that is being done in the background.
So there's a lot to learn, and I hope you are excited.
In fact, you can go ahead and click here to log out, and I can't either sign up or I can log in again.
I believe was James.
I, James.
Dot com.
And let's add his password.
Log in and voila!
He's going to show James there.
All right.
I'm going to log log out, log in as myself.
And log in while so this is a different account to see.
Let's see how many books has Paul Apollo?
How many books is he read?
Well, he's read a lot of books and is willing to right now.
All right.
Very good.
So this is what we're going to be building.
I'm very excited to share this with you.
And let's get started.